{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red56\green101\blue115;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\cspthree\c32080\c46606\c51823;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs27\fsmilli13980 \cf2 DTS102TC Coursework FAQs
\fs24 \
Code/Code Template\
Q1. Could we use VS Code with C++ extensions and Clang++ compiler instead of VS\
Code IDE?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A1. You can use other IDE if you like to.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Q2. Can I change the original code template, or rewrite the whole code instead of\
completing the code? Can the source code format in template be modified? Is my\
Code written into "CW1 Sourse Code Template"? Whether we could change the order\
or position of the codes already given in the source file, or that we can't move it at\
all.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A2. You are free to modify the template code, but be sure it can be executed by Gradescope.\
This platform will check your code with testing cases.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Q3. I have trouble on opening the CW1 Source Code Template. coursework is directly\
written in the CW1 Source Code Template, or do we create a project by ourselves?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A3. You need to create a new project in Visual Studio for each question, and then to add into\
the template source code.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Q4. There is something wrong with my code, but I cannot find where error is.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A4. - If your code fails to execute on Gradescope, strictly adhere to the source code template\
and debug independently. Alignment with the template\'92s structure is essential for successful\
processing.\
- Review the question sheet and all email announcements carefully\'97they contain key\
clarifications.\
- Attend scheduled lectures and labs for real-time guidance: most questions can be resolved\
promptly onsite, helping you avoid common pitfalls.\
-The module leader and co-teachers will not answer any question related to your coursework\
or to debug your code. It is not fair to other students.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Q5. The sample run in the question sheet shows the area output with\
two decimal places (e.g., "72.69"), but the problem statement doesn't explicitly\
specify whether we should limit the decimal precision in our output. Is the default\
floating-point output format acceptable? Or we need to explicitly format the output\
to two decimal places
\f1 \'a3\'bf
\f0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A5. There is no limit on the decimal precision so that the default floating point works well.\
You do not need to use cout<< fixed<<setprecision.... Actually the decimal number will not
\fs24 \cf0 \page 
\fs21 \cf2 affect your result.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Q6. Could we use functions that we haven't learn in class?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A6. Sure. You can use other functions if you like. But to make sure your submitted codes can\
pass the Gradescope.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Q7. I noticed that question did not provide the variable name when calculating the\
average in template code. Though we can't modify variable names at will, do we need\
to add it by ourselves
\f1 \'a3\'bf
\f0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A7. If there is no variable name provided, you can create them by yourself.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Q8. During the process of completing the Question2, I made multiple adjustments to\
the code to ensure its correctness, but no matter how I modified it, the test results\
seem to consistently fall short of the correct answers.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A8. Please set the value of PI to 3.14159\'97this will ensure alignment with the expected value\
for the last decimal digit.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Q9. There is no results shown on Gradescope, especially Q7-Q9.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A9-1. There are bugs in your submitted code that prevent Gradescope from executing it\
successfully. Please adhere strictly to the provided source code template and debug these\
issues independently. Ensuring your code aligns with the template\'92s structure is essential for\
Gradescope to process and evaluate your submission.\
A9-2. You do not need to include a `main()` function in your submitted code. Focus solely on\
updating the class files (.h and .cpp).\
- If you wish to test the code locally, you may create an additional `main.cpp` for testing\
purposes. However, exclude this main.cpp (and any main() function) when submitting\'97\
Gradescope will use its own `main()` function to test your class files.\
A9-3. Do not modify the file names of the source code templates. This is critical for\
Gradescope to recognize and evaluate your work\'97non-compliance may lead to submission\
failures.\
A9-4. You have exceeded the submission limit. Maximum resubmission limit: 5 attempts. No\
extra attempts will be granted, as this policy ensures fairness for all students.\
Q10. How to submit the code on Gradescope.\
A10. Submit code for each question to its corresponding Gradescope assignment (match each\
question\'92s code to the designated entry).\
- Two submission options are available:\
- Upload a separate zip file for each question; or\
- Upload individual source code files directly.
\fs24 \cf0 \page 
\fs21 \cf2 Please refer this link for more details about submission on Gradescope.\
\cf3 https://knowledgebase.xjtlu.edu.cn/article/gradescope-submitting-a-submission-as-a-\
student-298.html\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Report\
Q1. Is there any format requirement for the report? Such as font, size, line spacing and\
so on. When can we expect the submission portal and further details about\
Coursework 1, such as report format requirements, to be made available?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A1. There is no format requirement, but I suggest to follow the repost template style. You can\
follow the task sheet to answer each question one by one. Screen shot for the code result is\
fine. Follow the marking criteria, you need to analyse the code and provide additional test\
cases in the report.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Q2. Should I copy the code from the .cpp file into the Report, even though it is already\
included in the submission?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A2. You can copy the key codes into the report to demonstrate how to solve the\
questions. Screen shot for the code result is fine. You can explain the overall logic with the\
details in key steps.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Q3. The code that I have finished already contains comments, but should I provide\
more detailed explanations in the Report to further clarify the implementation?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A3. More detailed comments and your own reflections are welcome.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Q4. Does report directly write code, results, and analysis process? Do I need to write\
anything else? Would it be necessary or recommended to include my own reflections\
or suggestions for future improvements, such as adding extra functionality like input\
options? do comments on functions need to be annotated next to them during code\
writing to explain their purpose?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A4. That\'92s welcome for additional reflections in your report. You can take the marking criteria\
in the appendix as a reference to see how to handle each question. For each question, you\
can include the key steps of code in your report and analyse the additional testing cases.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Q5. Should we convert the Question Sheet to Word format and input our answers\
directly onto it before converting to PDF? Is it acceptable to create a new Word\
document where we only record our code and output results? If we are allowed to\
create a new Word document, do we need to include the questions and relevant code\
in it?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A5. Please read the marking criteria carefully. If you only include the code with output results,
\fs24 \cf0 \page 
\fs21 \cf2 you will get half marks. You can out the answers after each question like the question sheet\
and make sure to keep a clear and concise style.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Q6. I try to submit my report, but when I change my report and want to resubmit it, I\
found that I can\'92t resubmit it on LMO. I can\'92t find the way to resubmit my report.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A6. There is no resubmission on LM. So you cannot resubmit the report as many as you like.\
Please double-check your draft thoroughly before submission.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Q7. When mentioning specific codes and test results in my report, should them be\
presented in the form of a screenshot, or simply copying them from the IDE and paste\
into my report?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A7. Screenshot is fine in the report. You can paste the screenshot and analyse the code.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Q8. I am not quite sure about how many comments should I include in the .cpp\
document. One comment for a block of code, or one a line?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A8. There are no limits about how many comments. Take the examples in the textbook to\
write the comments.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Q9. Should I just explain the code I wrote, or explain all the codes including those are\
provided originally\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A9. You can explain the key codes not all of them in the report to demonstrate how to solve\
the questions.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Q10. Should I fill in the XJTLU Entrepreneur College (Taicang) Cover Sheet and put it\
on the first page of the pdf version of the report when writing the CW report?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A10. Yes. You need to fill the cover sheet with your personal information and put it on the\
first page of report.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Q11. Do I need to attach the code scripts when upload report in LM?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A11. No. Only upload your pdf report in LM, and submit your code in Gradescope.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Q12. Do I need to add comments of code in the report?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A12. Yes, you need to put the key steps of the code with comments to explain the scripts.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Q13. I have question about whether the cover page of the personal information on\
the first page of the five-page limit of the report mentioned in the requirements is\
covered in the five pages.\cf0 \page \pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 \cf2 A13. Submit your short report (max. 5 pages, excluding the cover page) via the Learning Mall.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Gradescope\
Q1. I have submitted the code to gradescope and got the score, now I just need to\
keep this Active at the highest score. Is there anything else I need to do?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A1. That shows you correctly submit to Gradescope and get the marking scores.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Q2. I had problems that the c++ assignment is showing zero marks every time I submit\
it, even though I've made several attempts with different forms of code. I\'92m sure that\
the code I write is correct and will run successfully in VS. When I submit the zip to the\
learning mall core, it shows that all my assignments are 0 scores. I just wrote the\
part of "// WRITE YOUR CODE HERE", and the other parts are in accordance with the\
provided template without any changes. Why does gradescope display the red\
comments?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A2-1. This seems the format issue. You need to double check your code, such as cout. I\
suggest don't change the template source code.\
A2-2. Double check your code chat doesn\'92t contain any Chinese symbols. I suggest to use\
the provided source code template. I suggest do not change the source code temples, such\
as there is no space at the beginning of each sentence.\
A2-3. The successful VS run does not mean you meet all requirements and it is hard to check\
your execution results. Strictly follow the Gradescope. And upload your solution one by one\
to test whether it can pass.\
A2-4. You can try to upload each solution to Gradescope individually. So far zip file maybe\
not correctly marked by Gradescope.\
A2-5. You have exceeded the submission limit. Maximum resubmission limit: 5 attempts. No\
extra attempts will be granted, as this policy ensures fairness for all students.\
- If your code fails to execute on Gradescope, strictly adhere to the source code template and\
debug independently. Alignment with the template\'92s structure is essential for successful\
processing.\
- Review the question sheet and all email announcements carefully\'97they contain key\
clarifications.\
- Attend scheduled lectures and labs for real-time guidance: most questions can be resolved\
promptly onsite, helping you avoid common pitfalls.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Q3. If I test my code on gradescope many times, will I lose point?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A3. You will aways get the scores on Gradescope with the last submission within the 5-attempt\
limit.
\fs24 \cf0 \page \pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Q4. Whether the gradescope can help check the code of cw1 and where can I find it.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A4. Gradescope can give you a hint when you get incorrect results, but it will not identify\
where the error in the code. I suggest to upload each question one by one instead of a zip\
file to check your answer.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Q5. I can\'92t submit my code in \'93zip\'94, but I can submit it one by one on Gradescope and\
it gives me my score. I wonder if it\'92s OK for this situation.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A5. So far we found the uploading zip file maybe not correctly marked by Gradescope. So, I\
suggest to submit each question individually instead of zip them.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Q6. When I was writing the code, I realized that if I use comments, I can still score if I\
submit it to gradescope but the code column will show this page, and if I don't have\
comments it won't show up. The grading criteria for the report has one point for\
comments. Can I add some comments when I write the report but not when I submit\
it to gradescope
\f1 \'a3\'bf
\f0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A6. No problem. You can write the comments in the report. Do not include Chinese characters\
in your code that cannot be recognized by Gradescope.\
Q7. Is it mandatory to submit the code in a .zip file on Gradescope? If the .zip file\
submission fails, can I submit the three questions separately, as we did for Coursework\
1?\
A7. There is no need to upload .zip, and you can upload each code file one by one.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Turnitin/Similarity Check\
Q1. When I first submitted it, the similarity was 28%, but now it has increased to\
63%. I noticed that sections like the Cover Sheet and Marking Criteria are\
highlighted in red, but I am unable to see their exact contribution to the overall\
similarity percentage.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A1. Do not worry about it. Because the similarity system records all others' submission. We\
will compare and check the overlap section in the report, which will highlight by Turnitin.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 Q2. Are there any requirements for highest percentage of similarity check?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs21 A2. No. We do not have rigid threshold for similarity. But if the percentage is so high (over\
50%), we will pay attention to the overlap sections highlighted by Turnitin.}